City living in the 21th century is stressful and offers no advantages. 
To what extend do you agree or disagree with statement? 

Main: disagree

1) More professional opportunities
    1.1) More job varients
    1.2) Better positions and concentration of companies

2) More fun and entertainement
    2.1) Parties, events
    2.2) Concerts, gallaries

А modern city life is becoming intensive and rushing every year. Many new technologies, businesses, discoveries are 
made especially in towns. It entails overloads in a lot of spheres of city life. Problems with
transport systems, overpopulation, and other things. But it doesn't mean that city's life doesn't have enough benefits
for choosing it.

To my mind, each person understands advantages in different ways. However, a majority of people would agree that the progressive
city will offer you a numeric of interesting jobs, perspective business climate, and enormous directions for professional growth.
I suppose, many people heard about the Wall-Street as the economic heart of New York or about tech-innovation centers in Tokyo and 
San-Francisco. 

Secondly, cities are attractive to many people with entertaining part. We all need rest, so the cities have many
variants for every type of person. On the one hands, if you like to dance, loud-music or activity rest, contemporary cities
have a lot of clubs, concerts, and parties. On the other hand, if you want to relax and silence, you will find different museums,
spa-salons, theaters or just walking in the park.

In a conclusion, the city's life can't be suited to anyone, there're a lot of misleading activities, disturbing things. So, if you
want just a peaceful life or you don't like crowds everywhere, you will unlikely find pluses there. At the same time, if you 
like a rushing type of life, you like to be busy and do a lot of activities like me, cities will give you many chances. But you 
should be careful of your health and feelings. You have to find life-balance and learn how to manage stress.