The advantages brought by the spread of English as a “global language” will outweigh the disadvantages. To what extent
do you agree or disagree with this view.

In some spherese like econimic, science, business - definetelly years
If we talk about national differences - it can lead to a lot of cultural crises.


1) agree points:
    1.1) Nowadays English has already been as global language for many spheres.
    1.2) It easier to learn in comparithing with other top-spread languages as Spanish, Chinies, Russian.

2) disagree points:
    2.1) language is a key of national culture. Without language national will assimilation and disapear.
    2.2) learning languages stimulate and develop our brain activity, it can very fun and even become as hobby.


The world is changing and some people believe that if we use one main language it will be better for our civilization. 
They insist that English has all reasons for becoming a world-language because many spheres already use it. Other people are worries
about national differences and what will happens with them. 

English is a crusted language, with a famous historical and cultural background. These facts lead current situation when English
is critical important for many spheres of business, technologies, science, cultural, education, etc. In my experience, when people ask
what programming language they should learn first, I often tell not programming, but English. Because, all new information, knowledge are firstly published in English. 
Hence, discussion them also will be in English. If we look at other top-spread languages we can see that
English is easier to learn than Russian or Chinese. It has made the language a silver-bullet for world communication.

However, if we choose one language and forget about the other it will lead to crucial effects for many cultures and nations.
Language is a key to traditions and differences between people. Without language, some countries will assimilate and 
lose their features. As for me, it will not positive for the state of the world. Learning different aspects make our life colorful and 
interesting. 

In conclusion, using English as the main language has already happened. It exists in many spheres and numerous people are learning
every day for different reasons, carrear, education, fun, etc.
As for me, this state is enough for our world and we shouldn't refuse of our national aspects.

  