Fast food is having a terrible effect on the health of the nation. As such, it should be banned.
Do you agree?

1) Problem - yes, but it is a question of personal freedom to choose.
    It is not propriate ways to solve problem, because:
    1.1) The root of this in another
    1.2) Restriction is breaking basic human rights

2) Solutions: 
    2.1) Sport activities
    2.2) Sharing information about healthy food 
    

Obviosely, junk food has many negative effects on generation health, such as obesity, heart diseases, and other unpleasent.
While this fact, I do not agree that restriction is the right way for solving this problem.

Firstly, banned something is a breaking human right to choose what they what. Each person in this world has 
the ability to choose what food to eat, what cloth to wear and what movies to watch. Secondly, restrictions would be work only
for some categories of people, who can't take care of themselves and stop their consumption of unhealthy food, when others will lose
possibility to make their own choice. Thirdly, in my opinion, people have better solutions for increasing health level in
the next generation, without any rudeness methods.

Solutions should be work in a long-term perspective, for example, develop a positive attitude and involve community to sport. 
Implementation of new sports programs for kids can lead them to a healthy lifestyle, influence their preferences. Moreover, 
parents which children visiting sports sections usually joining to them. Another way is sharing knowledge about organic food
and cut taxes for farmers who grow it. People with short income select street food only because it is cheaper than another one.
Also, we need to inform society how dangerous fry and fatty food can be, how constantly eating can be harmful to person.

In conclusion, banning something, no matter what is it, is an easier way, but is a shortcoming and an old-fashion point of view. 
It looks like, curing symptoms, but not the reason. I can't support this and prefer to find better answers, which will work 
in long-distance term, for many next generations.