Food can be produced much more cheaply today because of improved fertilisers and better machinery. 
However, some of the methods used to do this may be dangerous to human health 
and may have negative effects on local communities.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?


1) Food is becoming problem for our world, because of population.


1.2) Fertilisers are neccesity in our days.
    1) Overpopulation
    2) Lack food in poor country

1.3) Dangerous for health. Nutrition and other chemicals can hurt our health.
    1) Majority of doctors ephasize ....
    2) Negative effect to the land and after poor harvest


Nowadays, the majority of people have the ability to choose anything that they want to eat. With technological 
progress, people have been developing a lot of new ways for growing plants and crops. 
Increasing food production entails decreasing the price of food. However, a lot of people are worrying about
the quality of cheap food. 

Firstly, inventing new methods for growing crops with fertilizer or pesticide is a necessity nowadays. Overpopulation
entails that in some poor countries many people don't have a normal eating ratio and even have hunger. Hence, cheap
food can help and save a life for them. But using chemicals for growing different products is a complicated process.
Without qualification people in these areas can harm the lands and make the situation worse with time. As well as crops
for the first period will harmful to anyone because they overfull of chemicals.

Secondly, we can look from another side. Nowadays in successful countries, we have a tendency that people prefer to spend more money on organic food. Hence, it highlights that people are understanding
that eating poor quality food can be worse than pay more. 

Finally, we are having a challenge with a hunger for a lot of people, and unfortunately in the future, it can be worse.
The population is extremely growing and today we are forced to use chemicals for growing. Of course, it is a risk
for people to eating such food every day, it can lead to a big problem with health. But I hope that in the future we will have a better option to solve this issue.

