Some people say young people should be completely free to choose their 
future job but others think young people must be more realistic in their choice.

Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

1. Young people should evaluate their abilities and environment.
2. Opportunity to make free choice is a value and we should protect it.
Follow your dream vs apply real life situation.

It is considered by some that choosing future job only by dreams or imagination, without
understanding adult life can be misleading and disapointment for young people, but others
think that choice should be followed by truly desires and no matter of consequences.
In my opinion, I think that young people need to clearly understand their strengths and weaknesses,
additionally, their environment and after deep research make an optimal solution.

On the one hand, when you are young you want to follow your dream. It makes your life colorful and
gives you energy for hard work and education. In other words, we know that following idea of something
which special for us and working just for enjoying  inspire us. Also, we read a lot of stories
and books about people who reach success life doing a job which their truly love. But, often, these stories
have missed a failure and some key situation or context which influence on the result.

On the other hand, solving adult problems is a complicated process and takes a lot of your effort. Young people
need to accept that they have to earn money, handle new responsibilities, and sometimes their desires will not 
match with the real world. Also, they need to revise their skills and abilities to do some job. 
It is important for the growing process, sincerely understand who you are and what you can do the best. 
However, it doesn't mean that you should completely ignore your wishes.

In conclusion, selecting an appropriate job is either in what you want and what you able to do in life context. 
Young people should honestly understand financial situation, real abilities, and their desire for a job in order
to be sure of success. 