Children who grow up in families which are short of money are better prepared with the problems of adult life than children
who are brought up by wealthy parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?


    Nowadays a gap between rich and poor people is becoming wider. That is why some people think that children who are growing
in affluent families sometimes can't able to solve adult problems. To their mind, growing conditions of these pupils are just 
relaxing and following only by desires, without any responsibilities. Contrary to it, children in poor families have to take care of themselves
and even support their parents.
    Child in poor families has to work sometimes earlier than their contemporaries in rich families. Hence, they
have to earn money for themselves and their family members. That is why their attitude to hard work and 
money has been changing. Also, they know about how important is an education. This is a way to find a good job and improve their
level rank. They apply a lot of effort for studying and pass exams well because they know that parents can't pay for university. 
    Of course, children who have all things that they want in their childhood, will observe life from a different angle. But it 
doesn't mean that they can't grow as an independent and self-respectable person. As for me, in this situation very important is parents
example. The best education which you can give to your child is your example. If you show how you make and solve issues, they
will follow your behavior. Additionally, these children can have a good education in school and university. 
Education in a competitive environment, with high-quality specialists, is an amazing opportunity to learn not only subjects 
but also develop personal skills.
    In conclusion, I partly agree that the children who are growing up in impoverished have more real life skills than others.
They know the cost of money, time and have respect hard work. Being spoiled much easier in a wealthy family, is a 
reason of inability to solve problems in adult life for these children. Finally, I think that education important much more than
financial ability.