Some people think visitors to others countries should imitate local customers and behaviours. Some people disagree; they
think the host country should welcome cultural differences. Discuss the two views and give your opinion.

1) The main idea about respect to each other between people

1.1) When you want to travel to some country will be good to find some information about it. It will help to avoid
some conflicts. But it doesn't mean that you need to be like local.
1.2) In my experience, if you respect and polite to national mentality you will welcome in may countries in the world.


2.1) Friendly attitude shouldn't be only for tourists or guests

The world is changing and modern transport types made traveling easier than in previous ages.
Many experienced travelers know that it is necessary to know how to interact in a foreign environment.
Some people believe that you need to behave as local for a goodwill attitude to you from their side. 
Others emphasize that countries should be interested in tourists and guests and show their hospitality. 
As for me, the key to a successful trip is to respect each other.

First of all, I'm sure that you don't need to play a local behavior. It will look weird, moreover, in some cases, it can 
be understandable as mocking. When you are going to visit some country, will be wiser to google some informations and 
national traditions. This knowledge will help you to communicate with locals and avoid unacceptable actions.
For example, in some countries, religion is one of the important things. A wrong attitude to it can cost your life. 

Also, we should understand that a friendly attitude shouldn't be only for tourists or guests, as well in society.
Respecting each other, doesn't matter local you or not, it shows the high social level in the country. 
That this country is open to the world. Of course, a person who doesn't know the language and culturally specific needs more 
patience and time. That is why we need to be more helpful and loyal.

In conclusion, traveling is a wonderful ability nowadays. We can research and explore the world in our own way.
It develops our mental ability to understand and welcome diversity between us. Hence, better
understanding each other leads to solve and avoiding conflicts.




