Leisure is a growing industry, but people no longer entertain themselves
as much as the used to because the use of modern tehcnology had made them less
creative. Do you agree or disagree?


1) main point: +-, I partly agree with idea that people had become less creative than they were.

1) video games 
    1.1) already made, you don't need to create something for yourself. In the my childhood, we inveted our 
    games and I think it upgrade our creative skills.
    1.2) you can play alone and it entails to lack of communication. As for me, even online games can't 
    replace the real life communication. Communication uses a lot of our mind abilities and creative too.

2) However, nowadays social networks are becoming a basis of self-presentation. 
    2.1) YouTube - short films and videos
    2.2) TickTock and short videos and 


With technical porgress in all spheres, some people believe that gadgets had hurt our
ability to think creatively. Of course, using PC and playing video-games, watching movies on streaming platforms influence
on our leisure habits in different ways. These ways can be split into two categories: the positive influence and the negative one.

Nowadays, you can easily record a video or a song and share it with other people on numerous platforms like: TickTock, YouTube, etc.
When you create content you can write scenarios, play different roles and finally be a director of your video.
As well as, making videos, the video games industry is becoming a part of the leisure art. When you are playing scenario games you need to solve a lot of quizzes.
You need to find new ways to solve one or another quest, your imagination and brain are working and resting at the same time.

However, a majority of people had got the addiction to gadgets. People can't find anything for joying without them.
However, a majority of people had got an addiction to gadgets. People can't find anything for joying without them.
It is a typical story in my family that when we have a blackout we have a struggle with borring.
It is too hard to find something instead of using gadgets. I suppose this situation isn't only in my family. Unfortunately,
sometimes we look confused without our phones or PC and it looks like we lost some creative ability.

In conclusion, of course, technologies influence us. We can't avoid it and stop the progress. 
But to save the natural ability to creative thinking we need to merge new opportunities with gadgets and our real life. 
Finally, we lose in some ways, but we have compensation from another.






