People can perform everyday tasks, such as shopping and banking as well as business transactions, without meeting other
people face-to-face. What are the effects of this on individual and society as a whole?


Positive effects: it is saving time for people and make these routines things more calmfull, less stress.
more abilities for introvert people. 


Negative effects: when something is going wrong, failed transfer money or buying not suitable things
it lead to stress and more agressive behaviours with support services. 
easy to spend more than it is needed


The world is changing and technologies influence all spheres of our life. Buying things and paying online are common
things for today and make our life easier. These entail on our attitude to people, stuff, and money in different ways.

First of all, online systems save our time. Today, you shouldn't stay in queues for purchasing cloth or pay taxes. Just use your 
smartphone and do all necessary things. As for me, it makes our life calmer. You avoid wasting time on boring routines like
waiting in queues, arguing with other people about who was first, and many tiny unpleasant issues. Additionally, 
online platforms are very suitable for introverted people or someone with physical or mental disease. 
They can interact more with other world and feel like part of the society.

However, online communication can be uneasy in some cases. Moreover, it can increase disturbs and worries. In my experience,
common problems of online shoping are supplying and returing back processes. You need to spend a lot of 
time calling support services to assure them of replacement if something wrong. Also, it usually an issue for bank transactions 
when it is failed and your money has been frozen. It makes you nervous and drains your energy.

In conclusion, devices will increase their and involvement in our life. In my view, their aids make our life more comfortable and 
happiest. On the one hand, all spheres are becoming online and it is wonderful. They save our
time for more important things. On the other hand, without human communication, we will more robotic and indurate and it will
lead to misunderstanding each other.