Recent years, the number of crimes committed by young people in major cities throughout the world is increasing. Discuss
this issue. Give reasons and suggest some solutions.

1) Disordering world and social institution.


1.1) World crises leat to economic and social issues.
1.2) Young people don't have opportunity for selfrepresentation
1.3) Lack of job



Solutins:

1) Begin discuss with young people their desires and their issues in open platform. Sharing experience from
young people who figure out with their problems and back to legal life. 


2) Education programs for young prisons for getting the basic knowledge for job. That teenager who made crime, 
will have ability after term become new life.


Not every adult can handle world crises and problems. What we can ask from many young people, 
who should take care of their family at very young ages, between 10 and 15. 
They need to earn money and become adults so young. Their ability to critical things hasn't formed. They 
don't have enough life experience and it leads to criminal and "easy" money.

A hectic temp of the world causes economical problems. The majority of families have been felt mental and material pressure.
Even in developing countries, like England, we have heard that a lot of pupils don't have a normal eating ratio. It is a reason
for the COVID-19, schools are closed and they don't have social lunches. For a lot of children, it had become a problem. I understand
that nobody can predict such an unexpected situation like a pandemia, but other crises also entail social problems. 

First of all, I thought that government should control and develop social programs. Additionally, their reactions to such situations should be decisive and quick. To my mind, it can help to decrease the necessity for children to begin adult life,
and take much more responsibility in their age. Except for the material support, we need to share and inform our children about
how is important to live legally and not rush their growing. Talking and discussing problems, being patient and open to them and their worries we can help to make the right decisions.

In conclusion, unfortunately, the tendency is continually growing, but to our fortune, we have the ability to change it. If 
politicals and parents work together, they will change the situation and protect many young people against illegal things.
In our hand, all opportunities to change their life, give them the chance to live a normal and happiest childhood.