Social behaviour and manners have changed a great deal in the last 20 years. Discuss.


Main points:
1) Tech has changed our attitude to a lot of things: people, stuff etc
Some new activities have become matter for us, for instance: followers, likes on your posts,
comments. 

2) However, people still worried about some base feelings, love, freedom, dignity, honest.
Refer to the past and lead to nowadays. The environment and some attitudes have been
rethough.

A human relationship has been extremely changed by the last two decades. In my opinion,
it is definitely true, with technological development, we have got many new 
opportunities to simplify our connections, as for example using social-networks
that influence our conduct.

The social-networks have increased the communication effect between people. They have brought new senses, for example, 
number followers or comments, desires to share your life with whole world. 
Hence, it has lead to changes in how we behave and think. With messenger systems like Telegram or
the Viber, some people prefer to chat than call or meet others. On the one hand, it is convenient to keep in 
touch with someone who far or it helps disabled people to live a typical life. On the other hand, 
lack of real communication can be harmful to the socialization process. 

Despite new options and ways, many people follow in their desicions by heart feelings. Some fundamental concepts, like
a freedom, dignity, love still are matter in our life. Like in the past, we find something special in abstract. We 
continue to combat dishonesty and rudeness, for instance support save-climate programs or protect human rights.
Of course, technically ways to express our support or mind has been changed, but the main point is that we save them
inside us. 

In conclusion, it is completely understandable that society interaction has been changed since the beginning, as an evolutionary 
process. People are learning how to manage new things, but in my mind, our deep feelings and instincts have more impact on our life.
