1) University
    -- gurantiy of quality 
    -- teacher expirince get much better
    -- rise in comunity, build network , find someone

2) Online
    -- cheaper
    -- more accepted, online, you need just diploma
    -- you choose only want to learn


Conlusion 
-- I choose University option because "official degree", 


The Internet made it possible that today we are discussing and arguing about a necessity of university education.
Nowadays, we can easily get any information on wide themes which we can imagine. This ability of our time
gives us some points for thinking about ways to study. 20 years ago, neccesity of a university degrees
wasn't discussed, but now we know a lot of cases when online courses can save your money and time, but give a distinguished
opportunity to get the same quality of knowledge. In this topic, we shall examine both sides of the argument.

University education is an important step for a major people in our world. We know that in different countries
the quality of study can be volatile but the outcome, people which had the finished degree have more ways to build their career.
First of all, you've been building the community around you while you are being a student. You find your like-minded fellows and pass 
on all exams and tests together. On the other side, you have had the compete with each other for grants, for marks and 
for other achievements. You're going through this and your social network is growing at the same time.
Secondly, at the university, you have the direct way to chat with expirinced people, get advice for your future.
I thought, no one online course gives you chance to talk with famous and the best teacher after the class-room. In addition to this, your
teacher can do a favor for you and offer the first job. Finally, as I mentioned before,
you will get the official document of your knowledge, and despite modern tendency, the employers've still required it.

In spite of all benefits of classic University study it has been continued expensive. We know that prices in top universities can be 
riched thousands of dollars per year. In this situation, online courses have retrieved benefits for themselves.  It is cheaper and 
easily available to compare with the classic study. Above all, you shouldn't find the flat or campus to live, change your life immediately
for studying somewhere, just open your laptop and do it. The one of the marketing features of online courses has become a lot of themes for learning.
You don't need to choose one particular subject for studying like a university, you will be able to mix your knowledge in way what you 
want. This abundance of topics for learning blows the mind up the young people who want to save their "teenager's" freedom.

To the conclusion  of this topic, need to say that the modern world the point of education will be changed. All of our future depends
on us. We can choose the better points from both sides and mixed the for the discovered new ability to thinking and developing ourselves.
Yet online course to my mind has not replaced the university learning, but we shouldn't write off them how option for self-education. 