With a fast pace of modern life more and more people are 
turning towards fast food for their main meals.

Do you think the advantages outweigh the disadvatages?


1) Main: 
    Disadvatages outweigh the advantages

1.1) Support point:
    Quickly and taste with a lot of callories and energy

1.2) Disadvatages
    1.1) You're not sure about quality of the product
    1.2) A lot of oil and fry food will harm your health (stomach, fat, heart rate)

World processes change many spheres of our life, our habits, routines, desires.
Eating is one of the base parts of human life and it reacts to all changes too. Street food
has become popular because the rhythm of modern is extremely growing every year. However, the majority
of people are arguing about the influences of food to people.

Firstly, several people sure that the fast food is very convenient and suitable for people who don't have a time for cooking.
To their mind, cooking is a complicated process, which needs a lot of time and practice. Hence, people choose 
an easier way, like order pizzas, hamburgers, and others. Secondly, fast food has a lower price. It is cheaper than
food in restaurants and other food shops. Nowadays, we even have the rating with title "How much cost hambuger
in different countries".

However, all things in life have a flip coin side, fast food isn't an exception. For example, obesity is complicated problem.
The majority of these food types have a lot of oil, calories, and sugar. For Americans, eating fast food 
became a part of culture and entails to problem with overweight for many people. As well, a lot of sugar
entails to diabetes and increase heart rate. Obviously, that the main damage has our stomach. A lot of doctors emphasize that
regular eating fry and high-calorie food will bring to different diseases.

In conclusion, sometimes eating fast food is a normal thing for our times and it can't be harmful. It is very suitable for
parties and meeting with friends for watching film for example. But I'm confident the in can't be the typical food for my day
because it is realy harmful to my health. A lot of sugar is a reason for numerous problems with health.
Eating fast food doesn't look like "long game", today you are save the time and can solve a lot of business, but tomorrow you 
would spend time for doctors and curing your health.


