Young people today are better qualified than they were in the past.
Some people argue that this is because competition for jobs is greater than it used to be.
Others say that people continue their education because the opportunities exist for them to do so.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

1) Main point: In short is "TRUE", but in the past people had less information, but
had deepper knowledge of the base,in the contrary today people have a surface knowledge about fundamental,
but have more practices.

1.1) The young people change the world in each time period. It doesn't matter, one hundread years ago or 
nowadays. 

1.2) In the past, the life rithm was a little bit slower and calm. Lake of information the reason for repeating
the same books and knowledge. Hence, it has leaded to quigh quality of understandable subject or area.


The world life is changing every year. The rрythm is becoming hectic and young people are the first who react to it.
Debating between "old-school" and modern is a cyclical thing in world history. Some old-fashion supporters
attract attention to the poor quality of the fundamental things in knowledge. Modern people insist on the practices and new ways 
of education. 

Firstly, majory of people will agree that the modern life with new technologies, such as Internet,
is more rushing than 50 years before. For example, in the past for studying something had taken more time, because 
the resources were limited. The people continue to repeat and keep concentration on the base things.
With the Internet, you don't have such a problem. Secondly, the choice of job type was a life-question. Person spends 
all their life for becoming the high professional in one are.

In modern life, with technologies, a lot of the typical jobs are disappeared very quickly. 
It leads, to learning more practicing skills than something base or fundamental. 
I suppose in the nearest future, a human will be changing at least two types of job during the whole life. 
This pace is the reason why young people need to understand and study a lot of new information, 
change their job desires and adapt to the current world. 

In conclusion, both sides have strong arguments, and they both right on half part. 
Fundamental knowledge also important nowadays, at the same time, 
sensibility to new things and quick learning is more plus than a minus.
What about me, that the question "better or worse" isn't correct for me. 
I would like to think, that all generations are different.
I mean that they are the best for their time because we continue observing that the world is developing and changing. 
For my side, the root of these things is young people.




